Oh
don't give up hello everybody this is me
run from the icy track actions to you
and no we did not choose the wrong
channel today although you might get the
impression because this is not a
standard radio that you are used to see
in my videos this is a spectrum a d x
4's and yeah you might guess that i
won't control an excavator with it or
dump truck or a dozer no I am
controlling another truck but let me
show you what kind of truck tada
oh my god this is not a construction
track it is it is a Land Rover it is RC
four-wheel-drive Land Rover and I bought
it a few months ago because I wanted to
have something that I can go with as
quick as possible
driving through off-road through through
the Turan off-road and without having
the duty or the obligation to to
transport soil or whatever or to dig a
hole just to have fun and this is my
favorite track that you can buy and
currently in the market it is the Red
Rover made by RC 4-wheel Drive and yeah
this is a 4x4 and if you ask me what
head has happened to to the color and
yeah the color scheme is is really
looking very very used and very old and
the reason is why is that why this sir
is that I saw a few videos from
rcadventures and determining I'm a big
fan of GD Germany he showed showed us
how to weather a car truck to look at s
used as possible as old as possible and
so this is
the result of my first weathering
attempt and I think it looks quite good
doesn't it um I don't know if I have to
say it a lot to to this to these
traffickers in here in the United States
it might be very well known it is really
a good four-wheel drive truck the
suspension is amazing you can drop it
and this won't do anything to this truck
and it's it's quite heavy very strong
and yeah you can have so much fun when
and riding with it through through the
woods um the best thing about it you
might have already seen it when I turn
the car again you will see that there is
somebody sitting right behind the wheel
the steering wheel and this is I think
the cool this guy you've ever seen I get
it as close to the camera camera as
possible it is I think from the movie
and it looks so awesome I think it is so
detailed and I had to have it
and it fits perfectly to this car and
this is the driver of mine rc4 we drive
Land Rover
whereas what else can I say on there
what did I buy is next row this part is
made out of steel of metal so this is my
extra the driver for sure um these are
the standard rims and standard wheels
um these flaps mud flaps are not in the
standard kit you have to buy them
separately
and what else is the thing is everything
is standard mmm the length over this one
is is not standard I bought it and
there's this play that is quite useful
when when just going over rocks oh so
you can can just flip over this is quite
cool um let's move underneath I think
looks pretty nice it's it's really a
nice machine there's this light set set
in there and what else I think that I
would like to show you is how it looks
inside so I have to loosen these four
screws let me gather a screwdriver and
then we can look inside so when you have
tighten these four screws these are G's
in goes screws this this mechanism is
not dead dead dead perfect I would say
because it takes some time to fix it or
to open it and what I until today I
didn't do is to put a switch in the
power switch still and every time when I
was want to turn on the car or turn it
off I have to remove the whole cabin -
this is not that practical but let's see
um just open it this way this is the
cable for the lights and yeah this is
this it is the cabin underneath from
underneath
it's a have had to move some plastic
parts so that the battery fits in there
and no not this battery for sure this is
a two year sleep with lipo a very small
one and I have a bigger a bigger battery
capacity is only two tooth a 2.2
thousand million pairs that this is not
that big I have a bigger one and
for in a hard case I had to remove some
plastic parts so this is the chassis
it's really nice it's all made out of
metal so very resistant and strong I use
the top master ESC right here it is not
it is not the waterproof version
it's just Nala version and torque master
Sport engine motor right here and that's
it and it's very nice the suspension is
just great as you can see so this is my
Land Rover I hope that you'll like it
and I think within the next wing or into
the next few weeks I will make some
driving videos and I hope you enjoyed
the video and if you do so let me know
by giving thumbs up or giving me a
comment I will answer soon head of the
time watch yourself bye mine